Approval Ratings
We are looking at the disapproval percentage of the population based on samples of 1500 Americans, and the daily new Covid-19 cases over the year 2020. It is complicated to analyse this visualisation as the disapproval rating changes often in an unpredictable manner. However, the pattern of the curve is similar to the one of the daily COVID-19 cases. This last curve increases by waves, for a total of 3 waves. Over these waves, the disapproval percentage varies accordingly. Over the span of January to April, the ratings increase as do the cases, and then tend to decrease until May. From August, when the second wave ends, the ratings seem to decrease overall until the stat to increase again from October when the third waves states to reach numbers much bigger than previously the year. Furthermore, it is interesting to look at the peaks in the disapproval percentage, both at the lowest and highest point. The lowest disapproval rating occurs at the same time the first waves seems to have calmed down the most, around June. Following this pattern, the highest disapproval rating occurs when the second wave hits its peak, around July/August. We can assume a correlation between the data frames over time, as when the cases increase, so do the disapproval ratings; when the cases decrease, the disapproval ratings do as well. The peaks of both data frames can hint to causation as well. 

Trump Twitter usage
We are looking at the approval ratings when Trump tweets a Tweet with the word “coronavirus”, as the daily Covid-19 cases increase. We see that the concentration of tweets is denser when the daily cases is low. Otherwise, there is no correlation between approval ratings when he tweets about the virus and the daily cases. Indeed, the approval ratings increase as much as they decrease when Trump tweets. However, at the beginning of the pandemic, twitter usage is translated as a decrease in approval ratings, from 49% to 43%. It is significant to notice however that the lowest approval rating occurs when Trump tweeted at the beginning of the pandemic. It cannot be interpreted as a correlation but hints that it does play a role. 
The disapproval ratings show something similar to the approval ratings, but it is interesting to notice that the disapproval ratings vary over bigger ranges when there is a high tweet density. When the density diminishes, the disapproval ratings vary from 50% to 53% only, compared to 48% to 56% at the beginning where there was higher Twitter usage over the virus. 

Trump losing a swing state he won in 2016 (Georgia)
We are looking at the probability of Biden winning a swing state Trump won in the election of 2016 with the total cases in Georgia as background. We notice the probability increases over June and then decreases with some irregularities until September, from which the probability increases clearly. We can spot the two waves of the virus on the blue curve, translated into an exponential growth – during June and since September. The probability of Biden winning a swing state thus increases during each wave of the virus.

Trump losing a swing state he won in 2016 (Arizona)
We are looking at the same probability as the last graph, but the background is the curve of cases in another swing state, Arizona. Notice that the scale of cases is smaller in Arizona than in Georgia, but the growth of the curve is greater (exponential growth) until August, from which on the cases increase at a slower rate. Overall, the correlation is weak like for the previous graph. Despite this, it is relevant to point out that Trump was close to winning Georgia and Arizona. Trump collected 49.3% of the votes in Georgia, and 49.1% in Arizona. As the covid-19 evolved differently in these two states and their vote count is so similar, we cannot assume a causality of the Covid-19 in the majority for Biden in these two states.

Percentage of votes Covid-19 percentage
We are looking at the bar graph of the percentage of republican votes of the election and the percentage of a state’s population with Covid-19 on the day of the election. The percentage was organised so that the data ascends. We notice that the percentage of the population with Covid-19 doesn’t vary accordingly to the percentage of votes for Republicans. In fact, it varies irregularly. We see that the state with the highest percentage for cases of Covid-19 is among the top 3 states with the most votes in percentage for Trump. In addition, the state with the second highest percentage of Republican votes is among the lowest in terms of population with Covid-19 percentage. There is therefore no significant link between the percentage of Covid-19 cases in a state and the percentage of Republican votes. 

