This project is meant to be about COVID-19 and the U.S. election. We were missing a guiding line, something to explain why COVID-19 and a political campaign build up a story. We wanted to take into account America’s extreme polarization about political parties – the Democrats and the Republicans. This polarization was emphasized from the virus, which candidate Joe Biden noticed – the virus “has divided us, angered us, and set us against one another” he tweeted. Extensive literary research enlightened our view over the directions our project would follow. 
There is a different approach towards the pandemic from both candidates. On one hand, Trump assumed a positive view over the virus – he demonstrated this when undermining medical experts, mocking Joe Biden’s excessive use of a face mask (Halper 2020). On the other hand, Joe Biden is determined to act more on the virus, claiming he will do what he can to keep America safe until a working vaccine is made available. The virus became a platform for candidates to mock each other and score points among the voters – Biden spoke on Thanksgiving, playing the role of the opponent who thought that “Americans deserve to always hear the truth” (Halper 2020). Our group noticed that the virus had become a mean for politics, meaning that it would influence the outcome of the election – the “incumbent administration was practically certain of re-election prior to the outbreak of the COVID-19 crisis” (Black 2020). We found in fact that the favourable ratings towards the Republican party decreased over the year 2020. A research about scholars found that the expectations of a Republican president dropped by 21 percentage points since April while the chances for a unified Democratic government increased from 23 to 43 percent (Haeder 2020). We thought this research wasn’t complete enough to produce a relevant assessment over the pandemic’s impact as it didn’t concern the whole population of America. Despite this judgement, it motivated us to draw upon the population’s view about the government’s job over the course of the year.
We were sure we wanted to study the public datasets about the mail-voting process as it sparked a debate in America. Due to COVID-19, voters can find themselves discouraged to vote at a polling place as the high concentration of people there can lead to the contagion of the virus. The solution was found in mail-voting, where voters can cast a ballot through the mail which will then be assessed on the day of the election. The mean has been supported in 34 states, among which are almost every swing-states, where any voter may request an absentee ballot (The Economist 2020). This has been severely critiqued by Trump, who saw this mean of voting as a lead to the “SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES” he ranted on Twitter. Our group wasn’t surprised that this issue was a driving factor for our project, which was even more made obvious when New York’s primary election on June 23rd 2020 revealed an amount of mail ballots ten times higher than usual (The Economist 2020). Linking this mail ballot voting to the polarization of the country, our group was sure of finding the ideal direction for our project. In fact, a poll made by the website YouGov found that half of Biden’s supporters planned to vote by mail, which contrasts with a fifth of Trump’s supporters (The Economist 2020). 
